Implement Volume expansion functionality (#101)
cybozu-go/topolvm: docs/user-manual.md

`WaitForFirstConsumer` is recommended because TopoLVM cannot schedule pods
wisely if `volumeBindingMode` is `Immediate`.

`allowVolumeExpansion` enables CSI drivers to extend volumes.

> This feature became beta in Kubernetes 1.16 and is not tested in 1.14 and 1.15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available for Kubernetes 1.16 and later releases.
```
